Breaking change for single data node setting (#73737)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/modules/cluster/disk_allocator.asciidoc

`cluster.routing.allocation.disk.watermark.enable_for_single_data_node`::
    (<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>)

> In earlier releases, the default were to disregard disk watermarks for a single

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In earlier releases, the default behaviour was to disregard disk watermarks for a single
```
